Pod Resource API: graduate getAllocatableResources to Beta (#29751)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins.md

}
```

> ### `List` gRPC endpoint

Reviewer: I'd set the fragment identifier explicitly:
```suggestion
### `List` gRPC endpoint {#grpc-endpoint-list}
```

Author: Ack.

}
```

> ### `GetAllocatableResources` gRPC endpoint

Reviewer: I'd set the fragment identifier explicitly:
```suggestion
###  ### `GetAllocatableResources` gRPC endpoint {#grpc-endpoint-getallocatableresources}
```

Author: Ack

{{< feature-state state="beta" for_k8s_version="v1.23" >}}

GetAllocatableResources provides information on resources initially available on the worker node.
It provides more information than kubelet exports to APIServer.

{{< note >}}
`GetAllocatableResources` should only be used to evaluate [allocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)
resources on a node. If the goal is to evaluate free/unallocated resources it should be used in
conjunction with the List() endpoint. The result obtained by `GetAllocatableResources` would remain
the same unless the underlying resources exposed to kubelet change. This happens rarely but when

> it does (e.g. CPUs onlined/offlined, devices added/removed), client is expected to call

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
it does (for example: CPUs taken online or offline; devices added or removed),
then the client is expected to call the
```

Author: Ack, Thanks. Updated

    TopologyInfo topology = 3;
}
```

> ``{{< note >}}

Reviewer 2: nit: Do you need the two quotes before the note callout?

Author: @kbhawkey Removed, Thanks

}
```

### `GetAllocatableResources` gRPC endpoint {#grpc-endpoint-getallocatableresources}

{{< feature-state state="beta" for_k8s_version="v1.23" >}}

GetAllocatableResources provides information on resources initially available on the worker node.
It provides more information than kubelet exports to APIServer.

{{< note >}}
`GetAllocatableResources` should only be used to evaluate [allocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)
resources on a node. If the goal is to evaluate free/unallocated resources it should be used in
conjunction with the List() endpoint. The result obtained by `GetAllocatableResources` would remain
the same unless the underlying resources exposed to kubelet change. This happens rarely but when

> it does (for example: CPUs taken online or offline; devices added or removed), client is expected to call

Reviewer 3: this is correct for device changes: changes to device availability (hotplug/hotunplug, device health changes) should be reflected to the allocatability as reported by the endpoint; for cpu and memory calling again the endpoint is not sufficient, the kubelet must be restarted (!!). This is a more general kubelet limitation, but still.

I'd just rephrase the sentence between parens ().

Author: Good point, will fix this.

}
```

### `GetAllocatableResources` gRPC endpoint {#grpc-endpoint-getallocatableresources}

{{< feature-state state="beta" for_k8s_version="v1.23" >}}

GetAllocatableResources provides information on resources initially available on the worker node.
It provides more information than kubelet exports to APIServer.

{{< note >}}
`GetAllocatableResources` should only be used to evaluate [allocatable](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/reserve-compute-resources/#node-allocatable)
resources on a node. If the goal is to evaluate free/unallocated resources it should be used in
conjunction with the List() endpoint. The result obtained by `GetAllocatableResources` would remain
the same unless the underlying resources exposed to kubelet change. This happens rarely but when
it does (for example: hotplug/hotunplug, device health changes), client is expected to call
`GetAlloctableResources` endpoint.

> However, calling GetAllocatableResources` endpoint is not sufficient in case of cpu and/or memory

Reviewer 3: it seems a typo sneaked in. Note lack of -> ` <- preceding `GetAllocatableResources`

Author: Ah, good catch! Fixing now

Author: Fixed!

}

```

> Starting from v1.23, the `GetAllocatableResources` is enabled by default through

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Starting from Kubernetes v1.23, the `GetAllocatableResources` endpoint is enabled by default.
You can disable it by turning off the
```
